1.2.8:
i) MAXNCYL and MAXLIVECYL macros define the max number of cylinders and max
number of active/live cylinders (not deleted). This will prevent ever lasting
calculations of models which are useless anyway.
ii) Independent counter of deleted cylinders nDel.
iii) Description of the parameters in parameters.inc file

1.2.7:
i) Very small bug caused serious miscalculations in scatters. Namely, wrong
order assignment during empirical topology extraction algorithm call.
The order for the empirical topology was derived based on the order of 
the extension (for extension), but not based on the order of the 1st cyl
in the branch (as for children).

ii) When deleting cyl's, adjust topological information of the cyl itself. Although
it is not ultimately necessary (because all "ways" to the cyl are removed:
topology info of the parent and its offsets is removed) it is a better
practice to ensure it is devoid completely of any topological information.

iii) Branching angle formation (scatter.cpp) was subject to the precision 
error => values like 1.0/-1.0 were treated due to the finite precision as
ones outside the range [-1.0,1.0] which caused ACOS function to produce
many NaN's to the resulting scatter table. Fixed for checking the finite
precision of the values: range is [-1.0-1e-04,1.0+1e-04], the values more/less
than 1.0/-1.0 in this range lead to ACOS(0.99999)/ACOS(-0.99999).

iv) Little problem in the shadow propagation algorithm causing the exposure
values to become negative and then to grow disproportionally towards -Inf.



1.2.6:
i) The growth outside the world span is controlled by the grow() function.
Not inside the env-class.
ii) env-class calcuulates the closest voxel even for the segments that are
(hypothetically) outside the voxel box.
iii) REDIRSTREN - new constant controlling the maximum limit for the
strength of redirection of the newly created shoots.

1.2.5:
VERY IMPORTANT. PREVIOUS VERSIONS MUST BE DEPRECATED!
i) Fundamental mistake in the code:
env-class: WORLDtoVOXEL = (DENSITY-1)/(2*SPAN)
corrected to: WORLDtoVOXEL = DENSITY/SPAN
This caused overgrowth of the tree beyong actual physical dimensions.
ii) world_violated is released when voxel index is <0, OR 
larger or equal to DENSITY, because x = 0 is a valid voxel,
x = DENSITY is not. No violation for getCornerVoxelIndex()
when calculating radiation conditions.
iii) Closest valid voxel code is left. It causes the shadow
algorithm to finish correctly (without segmentation faults), but the
world_violated=true is returned by the env-class to indicate the
physical dimension problems. However, this code is evoked only in case
of violation to make it more efficient.


1.2.4:
i) New constants introduced:
VEDGE - edge size of a voxel. If defined VOXDEN is recalculated.
VEDGEASNODE - edge size as the fraction of NODELENGTH. If defined
	the VOXDEN is recalculated. VEDGE=NODELENGTH*VEDGEASNODE.
TSTOP - maximum time in min for simulation to finish. Simulations stops after
	TSTOP min are elapsed. Useful for long time consuming simulations.
ii) Empty "scatter.dat" when fatal error occurred.

1.2.3: 
i) Little patch: EMPTOP flag caused wrong order information assigned to
branches (detected by having several 0-order branches). When the nominal
extension (from analytical topology) becomes a real child branch, its
order is not modified (+1) => this caused the problem. Fixed.


1.2.2: ALL PREVIOUS VERSIONS ARE DEPRECATED!
i) env.hpp from the original model contained a bug initializing exposure
for the ground level voxels to an infinitely large number, which caused in
very rare occasions several different results for the same(!) parameters.
This is very important for the Bayes Forest concept simulations, since
the model must produce the same result given the same parameters (if the
random generator seed is fixed). Thus, all older version of the model are
DEPRECATED by this version. Consult them only for the historical
development reasons.
ii) Exposure "lower quality" feature for the bottom level of voxels is
removed. Now the "floor" layer is initialized as others. The "top" level
is still zero.
iii) Parameter names changed from lowercase to uppercase: for all parameters.


1.2.1:
i) Random sampling from simple distributions (gauss,uniform) added. See
randist.cpp.
ii) Random random number generator seed for the clones simulation.

1.2.0:
i) Main addition: introduction of the empirical extraction of topology
(see EMPTOP macro). Namely, the QSM model, representing a real tree, is
a time snapshot of the current form. The extraction of topology of QSM 
is a complicated process, mainly due to the irregularities of the data, but
the main idea is to extract branches based on the largest radius offset. So, 
EMPTOP = 1 defines the thickest-radius algorithm, in which the real extension
of the current cylinder (starting from the base cylinder 0) is a offset-cylinder
with the largest radius, where offset = extension + children. This way, the analytical 
topology, which is being traced from the beginning of each simulation, represents
only physical connections and not real topology. This option is especially
useful for the tree with main biomass concentrated in the high order of branches,
for example, very bush-like trees.

1.0.1:
i) MAXORDER is introduced, branches and scatters of order 
higher than MAXORDER are not calculated.
ii) Seg. fault was caused by the deletion of cyl's, when the parent was unknown. Fixed.
iii) Optionally switch on/off the output MTG, INFO, and scatters (see MTGOUT,
INFOUT,SCAOUT).
iv) Screen log file to look at the progress of the simulation.
v) Timing information on each iteration (to the screen log).

1.0.0:
i) The modified model from Palubicki et al, Self-organizing
tree models for image synthesis, ACM Transactions on Graphics 28(3), 58:1-10, 2009.
ii) Scatters output and more extensive parameterization.
iii) Possibility for the sympodial type of growth (see SYMPOD macro) 
